>> Brian: So one last tidbit here.
>> Brian: Where was this?
Here, notice that I'm using
== here when I just told you,
I don't know, an hour ago, not to do ==.
When you're doing the math here,
you should use ==.
And why.
So userAnswer is coming from here,
from this input here in the browser.
If I type 15 in here,
the browser doesn't know that's a number.
The browser assumes everything
is a string, right?
So here, I'm asking you to do math, number
times number, that's going to give you
back a number, but
userAnswer is always gonna be a string.
But we can check if they're equivalent by
doing double equals cuz it's gonna force
those two things to both be numbers.
That makes sense?
So when you're doing math,
use double equals.
Everything else, you can use triple
equals, if that's too much of a difficulty
just use double equals for the rest of
this quiz, just not afterwards [LAUGH].
Yeah.
Questions.
>> Speaker 2: Is that the case for
everything that would ever
be typed into a browser?
Like, if you're working with a form,
everything you get from
that form will be a string.
And you have to either
turn it into a number.
>> Brian: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Or do something like that.
>> Brian: Yes if you want to
do it a different way and
not use double equals here,
you could also say const
newAnswer, whatever you want to call it,
equals parseInt(userAnswer).
ParseInt is given to you by the browser
to be able to turn strings into numbers.
And then here you would be
able to use triple equals.
I'm fine with either way
that you choose to do that.